hey guys today we'll be looking at a
very cool application called text now
and it's basically an application that
allows you to send an unlimited message
through your phone to your friend's
phone or other text now users and people
can send messages back to you and the
app is free you can download it from the
App Store right here good you have
stores search for text now text now no
spacings in between and you will get the
app so download it it's free so after
you have downloaded the app make sure
you have Wi-Fi Wi-Fi connection and you
want to go into the app
so after your after its plan loading you
can see this menu but before you can see
this menu do ask you to sign into your
account or create a new account so you
can create your account and that will be
your text now address
going into settings there's a lot sound
you can change the alert sound there's
wallpaper you can change your wallpaper
the color scheme change the color right
here show you change the purple and it's
changed so then scape signature
basically - or turn off my signature now
so it's basically to add a line of text
after every message to send and
basically is to ask you to share this
app with your friends so on the second
menu button we have the option to put in
your full name I will not and I will
never put in my phone in because I don't
think there's an it to texting address
you can text me you you can text me by
texting to this address now Gina Gina at
text now about me you can change your
password email notifications secrete you
on of your England Olaf occasions and
this is my number five four oh six zero
two five four three oh so right here we
have a cut basically this is the inflict
Oregon uncredited to buy an hand
Huntsman
and the refresh button to check if
there's any messages so sending to my
phone my phone so our Sunday tax maybe
say hello oh hey and he send
yes there we go
that's my number so if you want to text
me you can either choose to text me yet
no Gina Gina at text now not me or you
can key in five four oh six oh two five
four three oh right here so to send a
new text message you simply click here
and you enter my number five five Oh for
something for God so but it will be in
the video description so just and or you
can just key in on Gina Gina at text now
that me to send your message so that's
basically it you can use this you can
send this to anyone in any part of the
wall just get just that just you you
only need to know the country or the
area code just keen plus the country or
area code and the number you want to
send you and you will have the messages
sent to them and they can reply back to
this number and you will get your
message so to delete messages you just
click at it and you can choose maybe say
this one and delete and you will be
deleting phone number so maybe there's
delete this delete yeah you can clear up
Europe that's basically what you do and
yes and the phone function is not
available unless you buy it so select
phone and do ask you to activate
activate and you have to pay so I do not
need the phone function so yes that's it
thanks for watching subscribe if I
helped you and thumbs up